engine/daemon: Document embedded containerd mode (#25658)
docker/docker.github.io: content/manuals/engine/daemon/embedded-containerd.md

> ---
> title: Run containerd in the Docker daemon
> linkTitle: Embedded containerd
> description: Configure Docker Engine to run an experimental containerd server in the Docker daemon process
> keywords: docker, daemon, dockerd, containerd, configuration, experimental
> weight: 35
> ---

Reviewer: We could add an experimental badge to the sidebar too

```suggestion
---
title: Run containerd in the Docker daemon
linkTitle: Embedded containerd
description: Configure Docker Engine to run an experimental containerd server in the Docker daemon process
keywords: docker, daemon, dockerd, containerd, configuration, experimental
weight: 35
params:
  sidebar:
    badge:
      color: blue
      text: Experimental
---
```

Author: Done, thanks!

---
title: Run containerd in the Docker daemon

> linkTitle: Embedded containerd

Reviewer 2: Still thinking it we should name the feature `builtin`, but I guess we can still change.
